[Music]
what is up YouTube it's your girl Evelyn
and we are officially five days away
from the killing Eve season three
premiere which is the perfect time to
take a deep dive into one of the
strangest most volatile yet oddly
satisfying relationships on television
today so join me as I break down even
villanelles toxic interdependent
relationship and as always there will be
spoilers so proceed with caution
[Music]
before we can dive in the Eve and
villanelles relationship we must first
define it by tackling an accusation that
has plagued the show since season one is
killing Eve queerbait
despite the Beatty Season two promos and
Sandra Oh's gaslighting interview with
the gay times the show itself doesn't
meet the criteria of queer bait which
Wiktionary defines as creating
homoerotic tension between two
characters without the intention of ever
developing it into a same-sex
relationship or explicitly addressing
either character sexuality killer Eve is
very direct when it comes to villanelles
sexual preference
she's queer and she's attracted to Eve
but Eve sexuality is less defined and
more fluid she's married to Nico but
becomes sexually aroused at the mere
thought of villanelle or the sound of
her you know masturbating at the very
least
Eve is curious about exploring her
sexuality while villanelle makes it
crystal clear that she wants Eve all of
Eve and although killing Eve might feel
like the gayest heterosexual show in
history it just narrowly avoids being
categorized as queer bait without
question even villanelle are mutually
obsessed with one another and both
consistently put their lives and careers
in jeopardy to further feed their
obsession but is that all it is an
obsession or is there something deeper
at play when asked about the interplay
between obsession and sex and killing
Eve the show's season 2 showrunner
Emerald Fennell went so far as to say
all obsession is sexual but shied away
from using the l word villanelle herself
is convinced she's in love with Eve
you love me I love you but she's a
psychopath and according to the show's
psychiatric consultant that makes her
incapable of feeling loved a psychopath
understands love as a finely tuned
jealousy it's all about what they can
take from you after villanelle tells Eve
that she belongs to her Eve is finally
able to break out of their shared
delusion and recognize that villanelle
doesn't love her or anyone else for that
matter villanelle might be incapable of
truly loving Eve but it's clear Eve
elicits strong feelings from the
assassin strong enough to keep her
boredom at bay and strong enough to make
villanelle contemplate a cozy life spent
cooking spaghetti for Eve in a log cabin
in Alaska while villanelle tells this
beautiful lie you can't help but wonder
if deep down she knows the truth of what
she is and that her obsession with Eve
is probably the closest she'll ever get
to actual love so we've determined our
psychopath and secret agent are not in
love but you don't have to be in love to
have sex so that begs the question will
they or won't they
[Music]
killing eve creator and first season
showrunner Phoebe Waller bridge likes to
say things like the characters give each
other life in a way that's more complex
than a romantic relationship its sexual
its intellectual its aspirational which
sounds like maybe there are countless
fanfiction sites about our two favorite
ladies and the show continues to push
the boundaries as the sexual tension
between Eve and villanelle grow all the
more palpable which leads to my final
point do we really want to see them
together your first instinct might be a
resounding yes but what happens when the
chase is over and the prey has been
caught for every narrative and McDreamy
coupling there's a disappointing Joey
and Dawson pairing and as much as I'd
love to watch even villanelle consummate
their relationship I'd be concerned that
the show's end wouldn't be far behind
without the nail-biting tension and the
[ __ ] fight suspense what are we left
with a dysfunctional toxic and
borderline abusive relationship between
a psychopath and a half I think I'll
pass
in many ways even villanelle are like
two sides of the same crazy coin we find
their differences to be intriguing and
their similarities infatuating and we
are just as obsessed with them as they
are with each other we want them to hook
up but not really we're waiting for them
to kill each other but we'd be
inconsolable if they ever actually did
and maybe like villanelle we want them
to become a modern-day Bonnie and Clyde
leaving behind a trail of bodies in
their wake
so which will it be I guess we'll just
have to wait and see and that is it for
me thank you guys so much for watching
tell me do you think Eve and villanelle
will ever get together drop a comment
below and while you're down there give
me a favor and smash the thumbs up
button and I'll see you next week
[Music]